this is mr. Davis Carlton with high
school if you own an acoustic guitar and
you live in Canada our network you may
not know this but you need to humidify
your guitar problem what I'm going to
show you here today is how to properly
convinced by your guitar without having
to go and spend a lot of money you're
gonna watch this video this one over
here what we're gonna do that shouldn't
take you long to do but if you want to
time something you can do is you can
measure it 60 milliliters of water
this is tap water I will now pour this
on my resurrection plant to resurrect
the resurrection plant stay tuned is the
resurrection plant resurrects let's get
to it
so as you see I have selected the white
container purple will work just as well
and I want to show you something on the
video as you can see this there's little
grooves to prevent the bottom half from
going all the way up so what we're gonna
do is we are gonna carefully use a knife
or some tool you can use pliers if you
want to snap the corners off that way it
will sink a little bit deeper depending
on how big your acoustic cases that can
be important so I'll show you after we
have all four corners snapped off
so now you can see we left the corner to
pop off depending on which type of
subcarrier you have okay so now just
together pretty nice pretty thin and
this is the part where so I'm just going
to drill the holes just like this
careful not to drill all the way and now
we'll speed up the video and just show
you as I do
at this point your resurrection plant
should approximately look like this
we're halfway through your planet we've
actually perhaps we should now that
tests were conceived our sponges I'm or
exactly
it's all portrayed almost - so even
though my sponges are soaked they're
soaking wet you'll notice that they're a
little bit too big for the container now
we're not gonna just do any hack job and
squish it in there like this we're going
to trim it off to make sure it fits
perfectly
using these laser precise scissors that
I picked up off the floor one day and if
wah-wah perfect fit
likewise we will put we'll do the same
thing of the green one feel free the
colors are not really that important
depending on the country you're in some
people would disagree with that but I'm
choosing to do the yellow green
depending on my mood and the guitar case
maybe I'll put the green one on the
bottom maybe I'll put the other one on
the bottom you know I like to mix it up
a bit this is perfect height so we've
got a yellow on top green one underneath
it's nice I could add some more water as
I see fit but they're pretty wet at the
moment and at this point really all you
need to do is put the cover on you don't
need any extra pieces to attach the
cover because you can tape it if you
feel like you need to but really it's
gonna do its job at this point you just
stick this in the guitar case and let it
do its trick before anyone asks the
question how often do I need to resew
piece I would recommend soaking it every
week
think you need to if you have an
airtight guitar case then every two
weeks is probably sufficient and of
course you don't need one of these in a
sucker unless you live in the Arctic
because the summer time has enough
humidity you'll be good to go we only
have one thing left to do before we put
in our guitar case and that is to dry
off our hands and we're now going to
apply the pig sticker to the side this
is quite important so you don't keep
your fire I chose hey so we've got our
pig we know what's ours should it ever
be stolen and the police need to
identify it we say so that's it this is
our first do-it-yourself video I hope it
was helpful I hope it keeps you tired
from warping remember the benefit of
having this one instead of the soundhole
humidifier that only keeps the body
humidified it does not keep the neck as
well also this one will do both
just in time